feat: add reference documentation for loki (#58)
charmed-hpc/docs: reference/monitoring/loki.md

(reference-monitoring-loki)=
# Loki logs

> The following table lists all the charms on Charmed HPC that expose logs to Loki, and
> the corresponding query to see the exported logs in the Grafana UI. Follow the
> [Visualize log data](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/visualize/grafana/#grafana-explore) tutorial
> from the Grafana documentation to know where to query for Loki logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists all the charms used as part of Charmed HPC that expose logs to Loki, and
the corresponding query to see the exported logs in the Grafana UI. Follow the
[Visualize log data](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/visualize/grafana/#grafana-explore) tutorial
from the Grafana documentation for instructions on where and how to query for Loki logs.
```

> The following table lists all the charms used as part of Charmed HPC that expose logs to Loki, and  
> the corresponding query to see the exported logs in the Grafana UI. Follow the  
> [Visualize log data](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/visualize/grafana/#grafana-explore) tutorial  
> from the Grafana documentation for instructions on where and how to query for Loki logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists all the charms used as part of Charmed HPC that expose logs to Loki, and the corresponding query to see the exported logs in the Grafana UI. Follow the  
[Visualize log data](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/visualize/grafana/#grafana-explore) tutorial from the Grafana documentation for instructions on where and how to query for Loki logs.
```

Reviewer: There's a few weird line breaks showing up here; I think my suggestions fixes it, but it'd be good to double check.

Author: Yeah, had to edit it a bit to remove the line breaks.

Reviewer: Looks to be rendering fine in the PR build. Going to go ahead and merge so this gets in and I'll keep an eye out for it cropping back up.
